[17.0][ADD] product_category_pricelist_button (#18)
solvosci/slv-product: product_category_pricelist_button/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> Adds a smart button to product categories linking to associated pricelists.

Reviewer: Here too:
```suggestion
Adds a smart button to product categories linking to associated pricelist items.
```
